It's really dangerous to be
too focused on
having things just right
in your life.
You know, balance is good.
And
comfortability is good.
Having a firm foundation is good.
Having all your ducks in a row is good,
obviously.
But
don't be afraid to put yourself in a
position of discomfort.
Don't be afraid to put yourself
in a position that is maybe more
vulnerable.
Or maybe on paper it's not the smartest
decision.
But you're doing so for the love of
something.
You're doing so out of passion, because
you're chasing a dream
or a vision that you have for your
future.
I always tell people that
you should try to live your life
like a beautiful story.
Okay? And
you know, every
timeless film
every timeless novel
that you can remember
they all possess a wide spectrum
of
events and feelings
and scenarios.
They make us feel every type of human
emotion.
That's what we should be after.
Because it's this wide spectrum
of
going from comfort to complete
vulnerability and feeling lost.
And then coming back and finding
yourself again. And then this time
around you have new people around you.
You have new found values, you have new
found experience.
Or
going from laughter
and surrounded by people
that make you feel good.
And then going through something that
put you on a path of loneliness and
isolation, but through that
is where you find yourself. Through that
is where you discover a part of yourself
you never knew you had.
And on the other side of this, you now
have a new found love for yourself that
will propel you forward in your life
through any treachery, through any
hardship that you come across.
It's these types of
patterns and and phases and character
development is really what it is when
you look at it from a bigger picture
that make a story great.
And that's relatable. You know, human
beings learn most through story because
we resonate with it so much. We feel
these things so deeply.
And so I say all this to say, don't be
afraid to have an obsession for
something. Don't be afraid to
push yourself to the other side of the
spectrum or just do something
because
it's spontaneous. Do something because
you love it. Do something because, you
know, not because it's, you know, the
smartest decision on paper the or the or
or the safest decision on paper.
You know, just simply do it
because you care.
You know,
through my personal development journey
and trying to find my balance, trying to
find my swing of things, trying to find
my sweet spot where, oop,
you know, things feel just right, you
know, where I where I feel like all my
ducks are in a row and
I don't feel like I have to you
pick things up and put things in order.
You know, I feel like I have total
control over myself. I feel like I have
total control over the things around me.
And, you know, just things feel were
just right. Been trying to find that
spot for so long.
But, the longer I try to find it, the
more I've kind of realized that it
doesn't exist.
It doesn't exist cuz that's not the
nature
of the life that we're supposed to live.
That's not how we're supposed to live
life.
Life is supposed to be lived
in phases,
like waves or tides of the ocean.
They come and they go.
Some are big, some are small.
Some you flow along with with ease and
fluidity, and some you crash into.
But, that's, you know, that's the way
it's supposed to be. That's what creates
good story. That's what creates
substance. That's what
That's what creates room for character
development.
That's the point.
That's the whole point.
And when you can adopt this type of
perspective, it becomes a lot easier
to
not try to reject those parts of your
life that feel unideal.
Now, you start to see them as
opportunities. You start to see meaning
and purpose in them.
And you also
develop a sense of confidence and trust
in yourself through this process cuz you
learn that you got you got it. You like
you'll be fine.
The outcomes that you're scared of
happening don't actually destroy you.
You realize this time and time again.
And every time you experience this, you
build and build and build that trust and
confidence in yourself, further enabling
you to continue to pursue what you love,
what you have a passion for, what you
crave,
what you're drawn to.
And don't be afraid of coming off as
weird or abnormal, either, you know,
like
I I'm not necessarily your average Joe,
right? Like
there's a lot of things about me that
are just different in the way that I
communicate
um
I
find it really hard to talk to people in
a social setting
um
or at least certain types of social
settings. Whoops, don't don't don't you
run away from me.
You know, and it's really hard to relate
to people
in environments that feel like it should
be easy to or I look at other people and
they have just a fine time
you know
making friends and communicating and
fitting in with the crowd.
I've always felt like an outsider in
that regard.
But instead of trying to figure out how
to
be somebody I'm not and and conceal this
this part about me
I've instead leaned into it.
And it was through that that I really
found a sense of
comfort in who I really am and that led
to me empowering a lot of the
interest and passions and you you know
the obsessions that I have
um like liminality.
You know, liminality liminal spaces is a
is a fascination. It's an interest. It's
an obsession that I have.
And it's something that I really
I'm dedicated to.
But
if I was so worried about coming off as
you know, whatever
um I probably wouldn't have done that.
It wouldn't be something that I talk
about publicly because it's kind of an
obscure thing. It's it's not
it's not mainstream or or anything like
that.
And it really feels like a kind of new
unexplored area when it comes to talking
about this type of thing
in in relation to psychology and and
mentality and
identity and those types of things. You
know, but that's what I enjoy and that's
what I really have a
deep love for, so
it doesn't really matter.
It doesn't really matter.
I'm going to dedicate everything I have
to it.
And I know for a fact that I will find
people along the way that find or share
a similar fascination for it, a similar
love for it.
It's not for everybody. It's not
supposed to be. That's why it's it's
special. It's
it's not meant to be for everybody.
So, whatever your passion is, whatever
your idea is,
and you know, let go of this expectation
that everyone around you is supposed to
approve of it.
You know, it's often the best ideas, the
most revolutionary ideas, the most
innovative ideas
that are rejected the most because
they're challenging what is normal.
That's the point.
So,
I just wanted to have that talk because
it's so important.
If you begin to live your life, if you
begin to perceive your life in this
manner,
I truly believe that you will
be much more fulfilled than just trying
to have it all right all the time.
You know what I mean?
I do have a little surprise for you
guys. I got a I got a new car.
I upgraded from the 2007 Honda Accord. I
loved that thing.
Um took me on several road trips.
It was loyal.
It was Man, I feel like I'm cheating on
her.
Dang. No, she
she was a loyal one and I miss her
dearly, but
she was starting to have some problems.
She was starting to have some problems,
and so
I upgraded.
I want to show you guys my new car, my
new little toy.
I'll show you guys the exterior in a
minute here, but
this is a Cadillac Lyriq V.
Um has a ton of cool features like
massage seats, as you can see here.
Um heated seats, ventilated seats,
amazing
uh stereo system. If you look here, I
don't know if you guys can see that, but
there are um speakers
in the headrest.
Very spacious.
Big glass roof. This thing is absolutely
beautiful. Has a V Max mode,
which is Oh my gosh, this thing is
unbelievably fast.
Uh but nonetheless, I'll show you guys
the exterior real really quick.
All right, here we go. So, when you turn
this thing on,
does a cool little uh
light show in the front.
It didn't do it. Whatever.
Anticlimactic. I promise you.
Little Cadillac logo in the front there.
Very cool feature. Um I love these
wheels. These came with the car. This
thing looks so so futuristic.
I just love it, man. I just love it.
This is definitely an upgrade from what
I came from.
The illuminated door handles.
Nonetheless,
this thing's awesome.
You know, for those of you that know
a bit about my story, a bit about my
journey,
to go from where I started to the
position that I'm in now, it didn't take
for me to act perfectly. It didn't take
for me to do it all right, or have, you
know, everything in the right place at
all times in order to to make that type
of transformation.
In fact, it's pretty a lot quite the
opposite, you know, it's it's exploring
myself, it's testing my limits, it's
putting myself into situations that
again maybe aren't the smartest on
paper, but
I have a belief in myself. I have a
belief in my capability, and I'm going
to pursue that. And that leads you to do
things
that people will question cuz it's not
normal.
Because most people don't do these types
of things, you know what I mean?
I honestly think that one of my greatest
strengths along my entire journey
has been
my willingness to face whatever outcome
arises
in the event of me
pursuing what I love or have a passion
for and interest in
or or or have a belief in
with an honest intent.
A sincere intent to just explore that
and throw myself into it. You know, and
do it fully and not and not hold back,
you know, not be fearful of whatever
outcome may be cuz I just know that
that that's the way it's supposed to be.
You know, I think everything happens for
a reason.
And I trust that I can can handle
whatever outcome arises. I I truly do.
And so that just leads to progression.
That leads to self-discovery,
self-development, character development,
and if you ask me, a wonderful story.
So,
I absolutely love you guys, man. Um
I really think that this is one of the
greatest
most important life lessons that I've
learned in my own personal journey. So,
I'm I'm more than happy to share with
you guys.
I absolutely love you. Um
I appreciate your time.
And I will see you soon.